# BUSINESS PROBLEM:-

The proliferation of social media enables people to express their opinions widely online. However, at the same time, this has resulted in the emergence of conflict and hate, making online environments uninviting for users. Although researchers have found that hate is a problem across multiple platforms, there is a lack of models for online hate detection. Online hate, described as abusive language, aggression, cyberbullying, hatefulness and many others has been identified as a major threat on online social media platforms. Social media platforms are the most prominent grounds for such toxic behaviour. There has been a remarkable increase in the cases of cyberbullying and trolls on various social media platforms. Many celebrities and influences are facing backlashes from people and have to come across hateful and offensive comments. This can take a toll on anyone and affect them mentally leading to depression, mental illness, self-hatred and suicidal thoughts. Internet comments are bastions of hatred and vitriol. While online anonymity has provided a new outlet for aggression and hate speech, machine learning can be used to fight it. The problem we sought to solve was the tagging of internet comments that are aggressive towards other users. This means that insults to third parties such as celebrities will be tagged as unoffensive, but “u are an idiot” is clearly offensive. Our goal is to build a prototype of online hate and abuse comment classifier which can used to classify hate and offensive comments so that it can be controlled and restricted from spreading hatred and carefully.

#Conceptual Background of the Domain Problem:-

Online platforms and social media become the place where people share the thoughts freely without any partiality and overcoming all the race people share their thoughts and ideas among the crowd. Social media is a computer-based technology that facilitates the sharing of ideas, thoughts, and information through the building of virtual networks and communities. By design, social media is Internetbased and gives users quick electronic communication of content. Content includes personal information, documents, videos, and photos. Users engage with social media via a computer, tablet, or smartphone via web-based software or applications. While social media is ubiquitous in America and Europe, Asian countries like India lead the list of social media usage. More than 3.8 billion people use social media. In this huge online platform or an online community there are some people or some motivated mob wilfully bully others to make them not to share their thought in rightful way. They bully others in a foul language which among the civilized society is seen as ignominy. And when innocent individuals are being bullied by these mob these individuals are going silent without speaking anything. So, ideally the motive of this disgraceful mob is achieved. To solve this problem, we are now building a model that identifies all the foul language and foul words, using which the online platforms like social media principally stops these mob using the foul language in an online community or even block them or block them fom using this foul language.

#Review of Literature:-

1.	Identify the foul words or foul statements that are being used.
2.	 2. Stop the people from using these foul languages in online public forum. 
To solve this problem, we are now building a model using our machine language technique that identifies all the foul language and foul words, using which the online platforms like social media principally stops these mob using the foul language in an online community or even block them or block them from using this foul language. I have used 5 different Classification algorithms and shortlisted the best on basis on the metrics of performance and I have chosen one algorithm and build a model in that algorithm. 

#CONCLUSION:-

The finding of the study is that only few users over online use unparliamentary language. And most of these sentences have more stop words, and are being long. As discussed before few motivated disrespectful crowds uses these foul languages in the online forum to bully the people around and to stop them from doing the things that they are supposed to do. Our Study helps the online forms and social media to induce a ban to profanity or usage of profanity over these forms.

